---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-08T00:43:17.119Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-08T00:37:30.850Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-08-b7a2893f-9ed2-41cf-a53a-04d7d5d7eadf.md
published: true
url: b7a2893f-9ed2-41cf-a53a-04d7d5d7eadf/index.html
_type: Article

---
## GLOBAL ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE

KC Holding Company (Kell-Cumming) applies the
highest ethical standards across its operations. This
guiding principle includes an uncompromising
stance on bribery.
We commit to applying consistently the letter and
spirit of applicable anti-bribery legislation in all
markets and jurisdictions in which KC operates. 

Our zero tolerance policy with respect to the giving
or receiving of bribes includes the making of
facilitation payments and is clearly communicated
to all employees and all relevant third parties.
Specifically, KC's anti-bribery policy prohibitsemployees, contracted staff, advisers and
consultants from, directly or indirectly, offering,
promising or receiving any bribe, financial or other
advantage, making any payment or transfer for
value, or other inducement in any form, which
has the purpose or effect of public or commercial
bribery. 

KC also prohibits acceptance of, or acquiescence in,
bribery, extortion, facilitation payments or other
unlawful or improper means of obtaining or
retaining any business or commercial advantage or
bringing about the improper performance of any
person's business or public function or activity.
This prohibition applies to third parties who are
retained to perform services or conduct business for
and on behalf of KC, or those conducting business
together with KC (including, but not limited to our
agents, representatives, intermediaries, introducers,
brokers, contractors, suppliers, consultants and joint
venture entities). 

We require all employees and third parties to
comply with the following principles in the
performance of their services for or on behalf of KC: 

• Bribery and facilitation payments: All forms
of bribery, including facilitation payments
(except in order to protect against loss of life,
limb or liberty), are prohibited, whether they
take place directly or indirectly through
another party.
• Public officials: Dealings involving public or
government officials require heightened
care, diligence and transparency, as well as a
need for appropriate disclosures and
approvals.
• Political contributions: Funds, property or
facilities of KC must not be used to provide
support for, or contribute to, any political
organization or political candidate.
3
• Charitable contributions and sponsorships:
Charitable contributions and sponsorships
must not be used as subterfuge for bribery.
• Gifts and hospitality: KC's employees must
not offer or accept any gifts or inducements
(personal benefits) to or from any person
which are likely to conflict with their duties
to any client or KC office. 

We have similar
expectations of our third parties.
We comply with all relevant regulations and
legislation concerning security services and the
collection and collation of information. 

For the avoidance of doubt, KC will only employ
legitimate intelligence and information gathering
techniques that comply fully with the laws of the
jurisdiction(s) in which we work.
We also reserve the right to decline to act in any
matter, or to withdraw our services from an ongoing
instruction, if we consider that the client is
seeking to obtain information illegally or to make
improper use of information received through our
work.