---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-08T00:34:44.434Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-08T00:34:40.944Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-08-30176556-2844-496b-966c-18d01c7a55fd.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 30176556-2844-496b-966c-18d01c7a55fd/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
## KELL-CUMMING CASE STUDIES

_Competitive Intelligence_

A leading US Law Firm from
Washington DC, retained by a
large multi-jurisdictional
company, approached KC to
request our support in an
international investigation in
Latin America. 

Certain unknown and new
emerging group was protesting
the firms manufacturing
operations in a LATAM country.
The alleged environmental and
legal challenges were baseless
and did not involve any
community based or local
environmental organizations. 

Through well-placed contacts,
on the field local operatives and
in-house knowledge, KC was able to uncover a scheme from a
third country to finance the
efforts and destabilize regional
operations at the same time that
this country was nationalizing
companies in the same industry.
After informing local authorities
and national intelligence
agencies, the protests subsided
and normal operations were
resumed.

_Investigations_

A client was bidding on a major
construction contract in the
Middle East. The client
suspected that a competitor was
trying to undermine the
tendering process by bribing procurement officials within the
Middle Eastern government.
Kell-Cumming was asked to
discreetly determine whether the
client's suspicions were well
founded and, if so, to gather any
disclosable evidence.
KC monitored the interaction
between procurement officials
and the competitor's capture
team at an international trade
show, and concluded that a
kickback scheme was being but
in place. Over a period of
months, Kell-Cumming
catalogued more inappropriate
behavior and obtained specific
details of payments and
promises of kickbacks.
The client shared this
information with senior officials
inside the Middle Eastern
government and as a result, the
competitor was excluded from
the process. The client went on
to secure a $179 million contract.

_Risk Assessment and Security_

Kell-Cumming was approached
regarding the provision of
intelligence and support services
to a leading world wide Mexican
Company. The Company wished
to mitigate the perceived risk to
employees on deployment to a
variety of 'challenging'
environments such as Central
America, West and North Africa
and Russia. 

Kell-Cumming provided a
bespoke service that considered
the particular threat in a given
period and issued reports to the client's employees advising on
conduct, places to avoid and
situational awareness. In
consultation with the company
Kell-Cumming provided
Companion Travelers where the
potential threat justified a more
robust risk-management
approach, supported by trusted
local resources. 

These Companion Travelers
were discreet and experienced
intelligence and US Military Tier
One veterans professionals with
current and relevant knowledge
of the environment in question
who were able to provide
invaluable insight and assistance
using a low signature approach.
The service was deemed and
outstanding success by the
client. Its employees were able to
undertake their work confident
in the knowledge that they were
well cared for and were
appreciative of the standard of
employee care and consideration
demonstrated by their employer.